Update docs with iptables requirement on canal and calico (#3367)
rancher/rke2: docs/known_issues.md

## Canal and IP exhaustion

There are two possible reasons for this:

> 1. `iptables` binary is not installed in the host and there is a pod defining a hostPort. The pod will be given an IP but its creation will fail and Kubernetes will not cease trying to recreate it, consuming one IP every time it tries. Please install. This is the log showing the error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `iptables` binary is not installed in the host and there is a pod defining a hostPort. The pod will be given an IP but its creation will fail and Kubernetes will not cease trying to recreate it, consuming one IP every time it tries. Error messages similar to the following will appear in the containerd log:
```

```console
plugin type="portmap" failed (add): failed to open iptables: exec: "iptables": executable file not found in $PATH 
```

> Please install iptables package to resolve this problem

Reviewer: I think xtables-nft should also provide an iptables-compatible binary?

```suggestion
Please install iptables or xtables-nft package to resolve this problem
```

Author: In theory yes!
